Add Lab v2.10 release notes (#358)
memgraph/documentation: pages/release-notes.mdx

[refactor](/advanced-algorithms/available-algorithms/refactor) and
[schema](/advanced-algorithms/available-algorithms/schema) query modules have
been changed to align with Memgraph's GraphQL mappings so check if you need to
change the parameters in your queries.

Also, some procedures are now functions. Functions can be called inline, while
procedures are called using the `CALL` clause. Check the documentation for each
query module for usage examples.

</Callout>

Lab v2.10.0 - Dec 6, 2023

{<h3> New features and improvements </h3>}

> - Now you can effortlessly query the database using plain English through an
>   OpenAI LLM integration, eliminating the need for Cypher query language.
> - Query summary, statistics, and database notifications will be shown in the summary
>   results tab after each query run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- OpenAI LLM integration enables you to query the database using the English language instead of writing Cypher queries.
- After each query run, query summary, statistics, and database notifications are now shown in the result summary
  tab.
```
